#!which more
"COPYR.txt":
Copyright notice for KC1 project

This project is an Internal project of ELI K LAN,
registered firm in BARBADOS. It is not for public vision,
but rather, is a Trade Secret. 

All rights are reserved.

As a Trade Secret, it will differ greatly from any
derived products. Furthermore, there is no intention 
to make it fit for any purpose, save purposes which are
by nature internal and secret to the firm (mentioned above). 

---
General position on copyright law:

This represents our general, non-legally binding position on copyright law.

We support the concept of a firm protecting its right to make profit, 
by using such things as trademarks and control of commercial production.

We do not encourage or support barrier to fair trade, profit, and 
value added reselling, such as what happens with the "Hollywood system",
and the "AAA game development system", and the world asymmetrical 
"fractional reserve banking system" (which is designed to pirate the 
future from the majority to support the will and plans of a few).

In a fair and sensible market, a monopoly on commercial production 
hurts both the supplier and the purchasing partners (paying customers).
The supplier is hurt by losing the ability to judge quality, without
competitors, and without the potential from growth by expanding into
new or neglected markets where they need to adapt the product to those markets.

Direct competitors for a "creative work" are impossible, since the creativity
is due to the unique spirit of the human beings involved, plus the time and 
social factors during creation. The work can be adapted by the firm and 
imitated by others, but cannot be created by another firm. 

Trademarks are a much stronger way of protecting the apparent entity which
a creative firm represents in the marketplace. The registering of the firm
name, ELI K LAN, was done for mind-share reasons, both internal and external,
based on the concept that a name should carry good will for an ethical,
going concern, or project. So I practice what I preach, but I don't do it
in the rigid way that lawyers and governments may prefer, such as by 
incorporation and such like. Cash-flow is the critical flow for "SODs",
or Small-Office Developers, (or SODS, Smart, Origin-based Development Studios:
for everyone who seeks origin in spirit reveals and inhabits eternal 
habitations of truth providing insight and daily, continual lightning and 
thunder, water and mana, for the vigor and intelligence improvement of self
and environs, companions and projects for the potential edification of all)
rather than "playing enterprise" that some small firms do.

I won't submit to being deceitful, inefficient, and paranoid, as the 
so-called Enterprise Sector has become, because my layers are based on
the pragmatic development of sustainable concerns through selling buy-able 
products. If those products are not at the right price, containing sufficient
utility, and available close enough to you, the members of the buying sector,
then I cannot sell them.

Downstream value-added resellers may add the important value of bringing 
my products closer to you, making them buy-able. This process may involved
re-manufacturer or reproduction of some of my goods. I would prefer to be 
paid for the re-manufacture, especially if it is on-demand or just ahead
of demand, rather than for the sale. This is, however, not how cash flows
in traditional publishing of creative works.

Traditional publishers may add layers of delay of over six months, from
the point (event) of sale to the point of paying revenue shares back to the 
developers of those products. That is a very long time for a SODS. We might
as well say "sod it, I'll just get a job as a government clerk", because
governments at least (normally) pay on time, monthly or weekly, and there
is no dispute over the price.

All of these details are necessary for professional directors of firms
to be aware of. The amateur who steps onto the stage of business is like
a so-called warrior who is focused on fame and fortune, but had done 
no training, developed no strategy besides "hit everything hard";
yet they have no muscles, no perception, and no skills, even if they 
may have intrinsic talent.

They are warriors who are talented from young, but even if they have
not ability to express themselves, they will reflect, outside of 
battle, and study what actually works, and discard what does not work,
because they are focused on the goal of victor and a mind of strategy.

Business is not war, however. Ethical business benefits both the customers
and the producers, and all of the middle links between the firms and the 
clients. For they are customers, who pay, and clients, who gain, without
directly paying any cash. This is a necessary part of business. 

If anyone gains from an experience, their friends and family, and people
who happen to be nearby, will also gain, at least indirectly, from living
in a place which is more full with joy. 

Now, to maximize profits, we can focus on the effective notion of maximizing
sales, rather than preventing losses of sales or minimizing costs. The word
"maximize" should not be corrupted in any way into "minimize".

Time and money spent on legal issues is time and money not spent producing.

Time and money spent on promotion may drive sales, but it depends on 
the marketplace. Time is, in fact, the best form of money. The other 
form that is better than cash, is "a strong city", which is difficult
to translate, but I would say, "comprehension of your own business,
and lifestyle, and geo-social factors, and culture". 

The world is made up of many "half-wits", and some "dim-wits", who lack
the intellectual rigour necessary to be considered "smart", or even 
competent at comprehension. Yet, they are often capable of generating
revenue despite, and even because, of their ignorance. Their ignorance
allows them to focus on production and sales, in an iterative process,
and even if they never leave the ditch of ignorance, they may leave the 
ditch of "being broke", which is more important. Cash-flow is a king.

To the firm, they are three kings: cash-flow, life-style effect of 
human beings associated with the firm, and cultural "evolution" (growth,
development, and spread) associated with the supplied markets and indirect
markets.

It is somewhat interesting that this game is based on a game which 
was based on a game where the concept was "everyone is a king". 

The question is, though, which Kingdom will control the Royal Court, 
in the end?

In your own mind, you have to decide, whether to be controlled by 
the world of the dim-wits, or the world of the bright wits. If the 
latter, then things which sharper and revitalise your mind are important,
which is why I am pushing to publish such works, and not just develop them
for my own entertainment and edification, any-more. 

That has required me to learn a lot, and become dismayed by the ignorance
and lack of wit, but now, it is time for us all to break the bonds of 
common delusion and see the hand as a hand, the world as a corpse, and
living human beings as the way and reason that we sell, and thus, 
sell our way to a better world. Or course, we also have to deploy, 
develop, and decide before any sales can take place, unless we 
resell other people's stuff. 

Which I am not in a position to do... but if you want to resell my 
stuff, either as a happy customer or as a value added reseller,
then my assertion of copyright and use of trademarks helps to prevent
unfair competition which would cut off our streams of income, 
confuse those who think of buying but are not sure of the firm or 
quality, and inhibit the fairness of trade which arises, based on a system
set up to support mutual growth of developers and resellers.

Now, having said all that, as I write this, I am not even sure 
what part of the future products I will sell. This one, is 
incomplete, but I think doing a tutorial on porting it to more
modern platforms might be more useful than the actual product.

...but, I digress, as I am wont to do. Like all other humans,
I have my quirks.

Keinall "Ken" C. 
Sunday, 5th July, 2015 C.E. 
A passionate stream of consciousness when rising from bed.
Thank the ten aspects of life, for me. 
(Updated more recently, see change-control-history-log)
